Hello hello everyone I am Krishna Shor today we will talk about
a train accident how to
investigate an insurance company, that is when
our bike or car gets
damaged, after that
what procedures does the insurance company follow to process the claim
or what are the steps followed by the insurance company 2 inch plus company
and these accidents are
normally those accidents in which
our vehicle is hit by some other object, that is
our vehicle has fallen into some
other place or has been
hit by a tree, a pillar or a divider
or has been hit by an animal or
our disabled person has fallen into a pit,
normally by any object, in such a
claim
how the insurance company investigates,
that process is written here, those
points are written here, that means these are simple
cases, simple claims,
brother, for quick, someone has torn it and it is
found, only this much process is required,
apart from this some processes are different like if
a vehicle has been stolen  In that, the
insurance company does something different or there are many cases where in case of an
accident, there is
third party insurance, that is, if a third
party person XYZ is injured
or for some reason the property of the question is
voltage, then there is a little juice
company in that, the steps are also a little different, the
rest are similar but the
entire process is not the same, the
investigation is a little different or there is an option, if there is a
fire, then in that also the insurance
company changes its steps a little, it
depends on the
people involved,
who are in the world, but these steps are the
same, brother, our car is
just from someone else,
anything can get into that jack and we have to take a
claim, now this process is
where it is written, then the local insurance company presses, when an
accident happens, we take the car to the barrage, at the
dealership, at the service station
and after that the claim gets registered
with the insurance company, when
our claim is registered with the insurance company  It is on
our options,
after that what does the insurance company do,
those are the things, here I want to understand it, the
first point is that the insurance
company,
this company's duty is survey for investigation, first of all
what does the insurance company do, there is
a survey for investigation of our vehicle,
he tweets, surveyor is
also a technical person, survey means
investigator also that brother, you will
look at this vehicle and find out what has happened in it,
check it, he
also calls it survey, after that what does survey do,
I also survey contact to the customer and got
the information where is your vehicle, after that it is
possible, it is not certain but it is possible
that he talks to the customer or
calls the customer or comes in touch with the customer
and takes information from him, takes information
from the customer that brother, where are your options,
if he does not talk to the customer, if it gets
registered in the fort then there is survey, he
directly calls the garage,
talks to the garage also, it is written here
like  Otherwise, he contacts the garage, if
he talks to the customer then it is fine,
otherwise even if he does not, he talks to them etc.
Talking directly to the surveyor is
not a problem, but here it becomes a
bit of a duty for him to
talk to the customer once,
how did the accident happen and where is the
car, so that the customer also gets a bit satisfied
that I have been told by this company
that work will be done on my car or is being done, so
this was the second point, now let's
talk about the third point, it is written in it that the
surveyor welcomes for the survey means
investigation, that is, after that, Saver
comes to do the survey, he
comes to do the investigation, he
reaches the barrage and
goes to Gyaraspur to do the survey, after that, he does the survey and also
checks all the required
documents for a clean process, after that,
Saver checks all the documents,
he checks whether there is
any problem in the documents, whether there is any mistake in the documents
All the people are saying yes
ok, so he checks all the documents, he
checks all the things, he checks the claim form etc., after that he
checks the service, the nearby point is match
the story with the damage caused according to the
claim form, after that there is the claim
form which we fill by going to the garage that
we had an accident on this date, this was the time,
this was the location and the assessment was done, the
story which we write there, he
matches that story with the damage option, whether the story
of the car
matches with the story written or
not, those things match,
when we fill the claim form, then the
thing to be kept in mind here is that as soon as the
car accident happens,
we should write the same things on the claim form, we should
fill the same things that
such an accident has happened with us,
otherwise if the story does not match then
he goes for the survey with some doubt
and then he takes some time and gets it done,
these things are done,
what after that  He takes the photos and
analyzes the loss according to the repair estimate.
After that, he says that Vikal is my car,
brother, he takes its photo, takes a photo of the
engine number, takes a photo of the rickshaw number,
takes a photo of the kilometers, and
takes photographs of our options from all sides, including the entire and the liver.
After that, he analyzes Bigg Boss
that the repair estimate that the garage
has put in is unlimited. It will cost this much to
repair it. Check it
with him that the damaged parts that
he has demanded in the repair estimate,
whether they are damaged or not, he
checks this thing with the repair estimate.
After that, what needs to be done with the service is
discussed with the customer as well. After that, the
size has reached this point. After that, he
talks to the customer that okay, what is the loss now, there is
no problem, we will pass it,
we will implement it. At the same time,
he also talks to the garage. Sometimes,
what happens is that the service is like on the spot.  He does the
survey, gives the work pool there and
gives the rules for the work, but
in many cases, such a situation arises that the
approval is not given for a while, he gives it a little late,
after a day or two, what happens to it, there is a
little reason for it, that the
people who have done the repair estimate, I have
not understood anything about it, so
what does he do is
he discuss it, after the insurance company,
this is written in the eighth point,
discussed with the insurance company, the boy talks to the company, he talks to the seniors who have
bosses, the
insurance company
means the seniors who
look after the claim, he talks to them
and then after talking to them, he
takes approval in the last, in the last he will
provide your work to rule, in the last he
gives that role to the garage and the customer by email, by me, but the
work to rule from this company should be
in return, these things should be implemented  So that there is
no problem in any matter, the
first approval should be there and the customer should
have it and the insurance company should also have it, so
this is that after
talking to the insurance company, that approval is given in the policy, then what are the steps followed by the
insurance company, this is the step which the insurance company normally follows, if
our option is hit by any object, then what are the
steps
followed by this company, for the customer, for the
consumer, the most important
thing for us is that we should fill the claim form very
carefully, it is plain
for main, the further action starts on the basis of the claim form only, there is a
little mismatch between the claim form and the loss that has happened to us, no, it is a girl, the
damage is not happening as per the girl, many times it has
also been seen that
a vehicle has got damaged and it has happened
due to going into a ditch, it has got
damaged due to a divided portal, now it will have to be
written in it that if our vehicles have hit
any ditch, then
what could have happened due to it happening or going into a ditch
This is Raju chamber, which is located below the
car, it can get damaged and this is what we
call it
or the suspension, it can get
damaged, so if such things
match the story then the car will go to the car, then the
chamber can get closed
and the suspension can get damaged and the tyres can burst, so if
such things match the story then
this company does not have any problem,
but if there is a mismatch in our story,
the loss is not visible as per what is
written, brother, and it happened like this, if you make
a little mistake there and do
not fill your platform, then the claim form is absolutely
customer kill, it is a thing to be noted
that Salman should
fill it carefully, so this is the step which the
insurance company follows for their investigation
and if you
liked this video then please
like and share the video and if you have
any information related to the insurance company or you are
facing any problem in this fort, then you
can write your question to us in your career or comment box, I will
definitely reply to your comment and for the last four-five
months I have been making videos  I was not able to upload it, there was
a small reason for that too,
but now some videos will be released in Britain
and I just hope from you
that if you like this video then do
subscribe to our channel and see you
in the next video, till then
thanks.